# weightchallenge
WeightChallenge helps users stay motivated to lose weight via setting via challenging competitions with peers. A user can create a new competition with a set duration (start and end date) then send invitations to their peers/friends/family/coworkers etc. People who join the competition will set their own goals of weight loss (or gain?!!) on the same timeline within limits (We can change the business logic here to restrict goal across all). participants will use the Fitbit aria wifi smart scale and are obliged to have one weight reading per day, and will get an alert(Via SMS or Email) to do so on the same time everyday (they can set that time per day). Participants will login to the web app and see a dashboard showing people with their rankings according to the percentage of achievement they have gone through (without seeing detailed information on actual weight of others - for privacy). At any given time a participant can see their own page that shows a graph with their progress (bar chart showing weight vs time in days) a graph showing their ranking and an interpolation that shows the expected end weight if they kept the current rate and a guide in green/yellow/red according to their original goal vs this expected weight, and showing tips on weight loss etc, that change according to rate/phase of competition/ gender/ original weight etc (maybe this needs more input from nutritionist). A horizontal bar chart shows the current point in time and the remaining time to the end of the competition. If a user misses 5 consecutive scale readings they disqualify. If a user goes in the other direction of the goal for more that 50% of the competition duration they disqualify.
